Update README.md (#645)
QuesmaOrg/quesma: README.md

- clone this repository: `git clone git@github.com:QuesmaOrg/quesma.git`
- run `docker-compose up` directly from `/examples/kibana-sample-data` directory

Handy one-liner for above commands:
```bash
sh -c "$(curl -fsSL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/QuesmaOrg/quesma/main/examples/run.sh)"
```

> If you want to build your own image, run `./bin/build-image.sh` from the root directory

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The example above uses the latest Quesma Docker image published in DockerHub. In case you want to build Quesma Docker image from the sources, run `./bin/build-image.sh` from the root directory
```
